SNOW-582612 Bump up sqlalchemy version from 1.3.3 to 1.3.4 (#278)
snowflakedb/snowflake-sqlalchemy: DESCRIPTION.rst

Release Notes
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- v1.3.4(April 27,2022)

>    - fix dialect identifier max length and relevant schema introspection.
>    - Add geography support to snowflake-sqlalchemy.
>    - Set foreign key referred schema to None when needed.
>    - set supports_statement_cache=False in dialect class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Fixed a bug where identifier max length was set to the wrong value and added relevant schema introspection
   - Add support for geography type
   - Fixed a bug where foreign key's referred schema was set incorrectly
   - set supports_statement_cache=False in dialect class.
```

>    - set supports_statement_cache=False in dialect class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Disabled new SQLAlchemy option for statement caching until support gets added
```
